I hope that this lecture was helpful to you.
Whilst we of course only had a look at the basics of creating our own visuals and you can dive much more
into that,
you hopefully saw how it works, how you create your own visuals, how you connect everything and what the
idea behind visuals is in Power BI
from a technical perspective. You also saw how you can add colors, data binding and options to your visual
and how you can then package it to either distribute it, share it with other people or use it in your
desktop version.
Now I can only encourage you to dive deeper into that if that's interesting to you,
read some blog articles,
play around with it, that really is the most important thing
and of course learn Javascript, most importantly Typescript and a bit of svg or more about the d3.js
package to fully unleash all the power you can unleash when it comes to custom visuals.
Have fun with that,
have a great time,
bye.